With the introduction of WebEngine applications, the policy server requires additional setup in order to be able to support them. This is because WebEngine apps need to be uploaded and servable for execution by supported HMIs, and the policy server provides the information necessary for downloading these app bundles. The implementation details are up to the policy server user, as the method of hosting these WebEngine app bundles may depend on the environment and manner in which the policy server is running. 

### Getting Started
The entrypoint for the custom implementation starts in the `customizable/webengine-bundle/index.js` file in the project. In the single function stub `handleBundle` the URL of the app bundle is passed in. The goal is for the policy server to download the bundle from the passed in URL, extract the bundle to get the compressed and uncompressed file size data, and to host it in a publicly accessible location. The new URL for the WebEngine app bundle and its size information is expected to be returned in the `cb` argument for the `handleBundle` function, and that information will automatically be reflected in future calls to the `/applications/store` route. Check the `customizable/webengine-bundle/index.js` file comments for specifics.

It is recommended that the app bundles are hosted in a dedicated online file-sharing service such as AWS's S3 buckets. These URLs are expected to be persistent and unchanging, even after policy server restarts or migrations. 
